Reference RFC7661 for application limited (#2605)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

pacer, implementers are referred to the Fair Queue packet scheduler (fq qdisc)
in Linux (3.11 onwards).

> ## Application Limited Sending

Reviewer: How about "Under-utilizing the Congestion Window"?

Author: Done

A sender's congestion window MUST NOT increase when no packets are newly

> acknowledged, such as when the connection is idle. The congestion window

Author: This was written to specifically forbid the cubic bug, but I realize it's not even tight enough to do that, so I'll remove it.

SHOULD NOT be increased in slow start or congestion avoidance when it is not
sufficiently utilized.  The congestion window could be under-utilized due to

> insufficient application data or flow control credit.

Reviewer: Editorial suggestion, after removing the first sentence: "A congestion window that is under-utilized SHOULD NOT be increased in either slow start or congestion avoidance.  This can happen due to insufficient application data or flow control credit."

I don't think saying "idle" is necessary, this text captures it in "insufficient app data", IMO.

Author: Done

A sender MAY use the pipeACK method described in section 4.3 of {{?RFC7661}}

> to determine if the congestion window is sufficiently utilized.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how to read this. We are saying that the sender SHOULD NOT increase the cwnd if it's under-utilized, but we are not quite defining what under-utilized means and instead pointing to pipeACK for one way of defining it (for TCP). This doesn't seem great to me.

For the purpose of this PR, how about you leave it like this and open a new issue to summarize a definition of an under-utilized cwnd?

A sender that paces packets (see {{pacing}}) might delay sending packets
and not fully utilize the congestion window due to this delay. A sender
should not consider itself application limited if it would have fully
utilized the congestion window without pacing delay.

> Sending more than intial window into the network at once may cause losses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bursting more than an intial window's worth of data into the network might cause short-term congestion and losses.
```

> Implemementations SHOULD use pacing, ACK-clocking, a reduction in CWND and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implemementations SHOULD either use pacing or reduce their congestion window to limit such bursts.
```
Reducing the cwnd basically means using ack-clocking to increase the cwnd.

timers to minimize bursts.

A sender MAY implement alternate mechanisms to update its congestion window

> after idle periods, such as those proposed for TCP in {{?RFC7661}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after periods of under-utilization, such as those proposed for TCP in {{?RFC7661}}.
```
